# MAPA---A-MANAGEMENT-AND-ADVERTISING-APPLICATION-FOR-PROPERTIES-AND-APARTMENTS-IN-BATANGAS-CITY

The study aims to create an online tool for discovering apartments called “MAPA - A MANAGEMENT AND ADVERTISING APPLICATION FOR PROPERTIES AND APARTMENTS IN BATANGAS CITY”. The community, especially students, can utilize this web application to readily search apartments as well as to assist home owners in promoting their house. The researchers used Agile Development in developing the software which is a system developmental method. The system meets its objective to provide a web application that gives prospective tenants a house features, location and apartment details and to developed house owners to post details of the house for rent and they can manage the payment information details and to provides a good communication channels for the prospective tenants, landlord and admin and lastly is to generates payment reports and visualization for the landlord. MAPA is a trusted resource for finding local apartments and is highly recommended and well-accepted by the community because it offers a better, simple manner of advertising properties. Given the current traffic scenario, living near campus is the most practical option for students. The time saved on commuting could be spent on coursework and extra-curricular activities. Moreover, parents can have peace of mind knowing that their kids are in a safe environment conducive to learning. Each property also has all the amenities one needs for an exciting and productive college life. This project helps the students find rental houses online and help the owner to post and give some information about their home. This web application shows the user (student) can directly search different kinds of residential areas depending on their desire. In this web application, they can freely choose about the looks, location and also the statement in getting the house or bed space. All the contacts and information about the owner/ contact personnel can be seen in this application for communication purposes. Same with the owner, this system helps them in posting their property more detailed and having good negotiation to the tenants. There’s no payment involved in this web application between the tenants and the owner. Enhancing the way of finding a rental house using this web application can be beneficial for the students who are directly walking in and giving a lot of effort and time to find their desirable place to live in. For applying as tenants/ land owner, there are qualifications needed for verification purposes.

